welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
i believe what we need to do next is
explore some of those new areas
maybe find some new materials we also
need to wait
for some of the stuff i put in the
duplication in quarry shop to get
duplicated i think oh and we needed to
make
a couple um
of those ribbon things so he can make
better monit armor for monica and plocta
what we will do right now though is just
head out to the world map let's do a bit
of fighting
and exploring and stuff
so let's see where have we not been
i don't believe we've been to dead tree
wasteland
at least it looks like we haven't
let's go here so we hit all the little
various paths
[Music]
okay and then we'll go this way
what could that 10 coal oh yeah that was
worth
it
[Music]
well this is a
nice pleasant place little square
map let's see if we have anything
interesting and new
[Music]
yeah do we have any uh requests
currently
oh i should report that
[Music]
and i still haven't figured out i need
to off screen go to vernon hill
and see if i can grind out
the uh
that last item there
[Music]
well this was a general disappointment
here
let's look for something else to explore
where should i go wait
no not there i'm going to go
[Music]
10 cool
hmm a hundred call
uh i don't know that we finished
exploring the fallen palace
uh tell you what though
let's go to i think i went to city of
the lost
i have not been to fertile shore
okay let's stop by home real quick
let's report in the quest or
request refill our lp
drop off the stuff
let me ah some oh well
i was gonna say he's someplace unusual
but by the time we get there
he'll be gone
[Music]
welcome thank which request will you
accept
well we can get a couple of these
thank you very much and
we'll turn in this
[Music]
thank you
um no
i'm not going to bother making another
angels whisper just for that
those things are annoying now here
that was a kind of annoying thing to
fight i'll go ahead and grab it though
because we got 75 days
and i'm sure i'll be back there at some
point 75 days
back to the world map all right
where to let's head up
to the fertile shore
[Music]
what could that this isn't
and what do we have here hmm
metallic poonies
where are those clumps
[Music]
interesting
getting a lot of uh
[Music]
a lot of various uh what are those
things
black orbs silver crystals and like
bottom soil
i thought i needed like bottom soil for
something
um i think i'll fight you
see see how tough you are we're gonna
give this our
all
oh yeah this will be no problem
of course i've thought that before but
it's usually only with bosses that
really throw me off
i'll go
[Music]
that was easy
grab all these materials
since they do come in handy
[Music]
oh i know what i should do
oh those things look interesting
now how tough are you death inquisitor
oh that's no problem
[Music]
but what i should do after i beat this
guy up i'll go back
and run straight to that big dragon boss
that was in the inverted castle
and
see what it has
[Music]
alright so baskets equipment
i did
okay equipment
[Music]
[Applause]
i think i'll grab that bomb
and the same with you
it is undead slayer which is this good
but it has no heal and single bonus
[Music]
[Applause]
and uh instead of the puny missile
go ahead and have the regular
uh regular ori bomb there
[Music]
yeah we'll go with that let's give this
a try
[Music]
let's real quick stop by here
and see what all these cut scenes are
that are apparently pending
oh my
[Music]
monica pamela oh hello sophie you came
at the perfect time
what's going on we're about to play hide
and seek with everyone
huh that sounds fun would you like to
join us
is it really okay of course we were
actually talking about how we wanted one
more player we'd be
happy if you joined us of course i'll
join
okay then let's start i'll explain the
rules the children are going to run off
and hide now
we need to find them sophie we win if we
can find them all in time
okay i got it all right then everyone go
hide first
okay you won't find me alright here i go
[Music]
i think it's about time we started
looking the
play area is inside of the town we need
to find them before the sun sets
okay
[Music]
as i'd expect of you fritz i submit
it seems i still have much to learn
no it's pretty impressive that you're
this strong at such a young age
[Music]
huh hello sir giulio and fritz
hello sophie what are you two doing
i was sparring with fritz i stood no
chance at all though
huh so fritz must really be strong
you're already strong after all sir
giulio i'm above him in terms of pure
strength and agility
but then again i've also been using
swords for far longer
i didn't think you'd have such an easy
time brushing aside my attacks
[Music]
if you keep training you'll be able to
do the same
there's no need to block every hit
directly or move much
if you deflect your opponent's attacks
it doesn't matter how strong they are
you can make openings to counter attack
that's especially possible when you use
two swords
like me that was most educational
you're still young if you keep gaining
experience
you'll get much stronger yes thank you
very much
[Music]
wow this is really heating up
i should get going now see you later i
hope to have another match in the near
future
it seems there's always someone greater
than oneself
i need to work harder you can do it
i'll be cheering you on
[Music]
all right now i need to find the kids
though you are not the kids
um
[Music]
well let's uh let's check inside the
church
[Music]
i see no kids here
let's go to well they wouldn't be inside
the atlear probably
though you never know
gathering would make time pass
[Music]
i need to find out though if they show
up on the map
because if they do that'll make it a lot
easier to deal with
there's that that side of town okay
[Music]
ah i found you
darn i thought i found a good spot oh
well i'll go back to the plaza
so they do show up on the map that's
good
[Music]
otherwise it would just be really
annoying
as it is it's only mildly annoying
let's go to the street then
don't see any here
[Music]
let's just check in the shops
and let's see
i wouldn't expect they'd be in the shops
or cafe or anything but you never know
because they there's no uh mini map
in those
[Music]
i should talk to tess and find out how
horribly terribly bad things went with
the poison
but i want to make sure that we get the
hide and seek thing taken care of
hello
[Music]
let's see it doesn't look like there's
any kids there
so that's the town entrance down there
let's check up here
[Music]
that looks like a hiding kid
ah there you are oh no and i thought
this was a good place i'll go back to
the plaza now
i am not going to bother giving the
kids decent voices because why
and see you and you
[Music]
elise do you have any new interesting
books
ah sophie welcome never thought i'd meet
you here sophie
i guess the world's ending tomorrow
now that's my line why are you here
harold
came to look at books to kill some time
i finished my business i'll leave now
oh i see bye then yeah don't waste too
much money
[Music]
that was surprising i didn't think i'd
see harold at the bookstore
actually harold's been coming here quite
often recently to buy books
wait really that's unexpected what kind
of books does he read
he said he was just killing time
he mostly looks at books about clocks
books about clocks
and you're sure you're talking about
harold
yes he reads many of them he's bought
quite a large number already
harold's reading books about clocks and
a huge number of them
he was repairing the clock the other day
too seriously what happened to him
but are there any kids around here
[Music]
no
nor around here let's check the nearby
forest
i see no kids here
where the heck is the last kid
um
[Music]
i thought i checked everywhere
where could i have missed
[Applause]
[Music]
they're not in here
aha
a little sneaky bugger
wait no that's a gathering point
[Music]
it's not you or you
where the heck
where the heck is that last kid hiding
it's not there
not there
yeah i'd like to come back by evening
but these little buggers are
hiding around somewhere
and i can't seem to find them
[Music]
so
no
[Music]
okay well that's good
barrel
[Music]
where the heck are the kids hiding
[Applause]
i'm really tempted to just google this
because
i am really running out of patience to
try to find this last kid
all right you know what attack with this
so
oh don't tell me that was it
oh no we lost we did it we won
yay looks like we lost
that was amazing i couldn't find you at
all how was that
and i won't lose next time anyway we
should go back now
okay
[Music]
sophie monica thank you for today oh no
it's fine we had fun too right sophie
yeah let's do that again thank you i'll
see you again
okay well much as i generally try to
avoid
looking up spoilers i did con finally
find out where he was but i was too late
but apparently there's no penalty for
not getting them all
you're really admirable monica
what's this all of a sudden you're
always going to the church and watching
over the children
well i'm working at the church but it's
mostly because i want to do it
also it's fun playing with everyone i
see
[Music]
monica learns the skill pious okay
which does what
chance to avoid ko and
status ailments cool all right
we're going to give this one shot real
quick
got a destination i don't even remember
why we
had to end up doing that
and this is getting a little long but
let's give this a try
i'm gonna go straight for
or as straight as i can manage
for that big nasty boss enemy
and see how badly i get killed
is it here that's blue sky altar
that's where it came from i think it's
over here right
reverse meeting room
all right black puny over there another
black puny over there
and then this guy
[Music]
hey okay okay hey
well that's uh
[Music]
oh dear 2 000
oh yeah we are so dead
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm going to do rainshot just because
it's probably the best thing we can do
right now
you know what though i'm gonna go
defensive
[Music]
and
increase damage taken
[Music]
and increase base
oh you damage
now let's see how badly we're going to
be
completely annihilated
[Applause]
not as bad as i thought so far
[Music]
let's try the ice bomb
and let's do drilling shovel because it
reduces defense
[Music]
will reduce attack power
and keep doing rain rainshot for the
moment
[Music]
yeah the ice bomb i think does more
damage
[Music]
that's painful
let's do angel's whisper
now does that yeah
we'll use that as our recovery
keep doing that
[Music]
keep doing light edge
keep doing rain shot it's probably our
best bet with plot time
[Music]
here
here i go
sword of life
[Music]
okay
we will uh heal up
sophie
[Music]
actually we gotta turn because it's
broken
use ice bomb
skyfall shuttle
light edge
and we'll do two-hander because it's
broken
you might actually be able to pull this
[Music]
[Applause]
off
it's not broken anymore
oh did we actually pull that off
awesome i was not expecting that
[Music]
didn't quite get a level but got pretty
close
[Music]
crimson stone can be synthesized
it's a fancy looking chest
fire dragon medicine can be synthesized
it's dragon bloodstone dragon scale
ancient pillar
sun powder and harmonium
so that's kind of cool
and that was kind of pathetic
all right now
[Music]
i do want to see if i can defeat a great
demon
[Music]
but that's not them
are they in the next room
is it one of you guys i should be your
opponent
yeah okay item
rebound skill brave soul
rain shot and drilling shovel
[Music]
definitely need to heal up
[Applause]
[Music]
especially since rainshot isn't going to
heal us leave it to me
[Music]
i think i'm done no you're not
refuel time okay
you light edge
growing trouble and two-hander
i'll be fine
[Music]
here got we go that's a chunk of xp on
those guys
and we can report that excuse me
now that book is guarding the way back
so we will just
use this to get back
[Music]
it's a large book
fire dragon medicine
crimson stone
[Music]
[Applause]
awesome now i want to
well i'm thinking of it
because it may be i'm not sure when i'll
be able to synthesize it
i'm going to go here and maybe register
some of that stuff that
dropped assuming it let me
we got some more pending cutscenes looks
like with oscar in them
okay let's buy
[Music]
let me just buy one
i think i'll register in place of that
magician's flute
so i'm not sure how useful it's going to
be compared to some of the other things
we got
uh this i do have four of
but it is cheap and it is good
so let's register
harmonium
now what does this do produces use count
power is massively increased well that
doesn't matter for this
uh attacks cause 15 percent additional
damage increases skill power by 15
that's pretty awesome and
increases selling price to shops well
that's going to be a little annoying
each is 29.14 you know what i am not
going to register that right now
[Music]
um
i might register the geist eisen
[Music]
no
i might register the spruce though
that's a pretty nice spruce
that's some nice wood there
[Music]
sure why not
oh did you let me register us another
item then that's cool
what
[Music]
okay we'll go with that
let's head into the cafe
[Music]
and horst is not there
well let's uh end things here anyway
we'll have to do that later for right
now hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlier
sophie my name is karsten
we have some more things to craft uh we
also have a few cut scenes we need to
check out
those some people that are in the wrong
area like
first over here in the bookstore
well then how about this book hmm this
seems interesting
yes there are illustrations included too
this is very easy to understand
very well i'll take this one thank you
for your purchase
hello ah sophie hello
welcome sophie what kind of book were
you buying mr horst
a cookbook huh are you thinking about
adding something new to the menu
yes that's the plan julia told me about
dishes from neighboring countries i
decided i would try my hand at something
new
that sounds great i still have much to
study beforehand
combinations of various ingredients and
seasonings is endless
finding the right ones takes work
that sounds kind of like alchemy you
might be right about that
all right now can i go over here before
everyone runs away looks like it
[Music]
now where are you all looks like you are
well monica's over here
[Music]
sophie do you remember what today was
huh what was it
you realize there's a prayer every week
at church right
oh now that you mention it
right you hardly ever come when i'm
concentrating on synthesis i always lose
track of what time it is
i know in that case we should go
together next week for prayer
what i don't really want to
no you haven't been coming at all lately
you need to go at least once in a while
and show me you're serious
understand i don't know
do you understand
[Music]
i i got it already and i'll see you next
week it's a promise okay
i guess i'll have to go next week
really
and so looking at the date it's
uh
[Music]
it is currently seed
so i need to keep an eye on the date
sprout put flower fruit and seed
like i'm going to remember that
but let's go in here and
see what's going on
[Music]
hello sophie hello sir leo what were you
talking about
i asked about churches in other regions
giulio is still quite young but he's
traveled to many places he's quite
hopeful as a reference
is there a difference between churches
there's nothing fundamentally different
however the actions the churches take
can differ greatly some churches take
care of children others put
fast resources into their choirs and yet
others host lectures
huh sounds like they do all kinds of
things
yes it's very interesting perhaps our
church should specialize in something as
well
if we do that maybe sophie will manage
to come to the prayer every week
[Music]
you don't attend prayer very often
sophie i forget a lot when i'm
concentrating on work
that's not good well i'll be happy if
you came but there's no need to force
yourself
if you neglected your work out of too
much consideration for us it would be an
even bigger issue
yes i'll do my best anyway i'll be
taking my leave now
father thank you very much thank you too
this time was quite worthwhile we should
talk again
thank you i'll be going now
see you again sophie
[Music]
julian the skill guardian
which does what exactly
[Music]
reduces damage taken okay
fairly straightforward
[Music]
huh fritz
oh sophie it's quite a coincidence
meeting you here
yes are you here to pray is that
unexpected of me
yes a little i don't really pray to god
very often
but i felt the need to do so today also
this place is really calming
it's a good place to concentrate
huh i suppose so
i don't come here often at all but i
think it's good once in a while
don't say that you should come here
every day
ah pamela
oh dear what is it um
fritz what's wrong
this outfit is very interesting
these frills especially they make me
want to work my art
i can't just stand around here i need to
go work on a doll with this in mind
come back any time i think he'll be back
sooner than you think
although it won't be to pray
[Music]
okay then now
now that
[Music]
well now that horse is back we can go
turn in that quest
[Music]
oh and we got another conversation here
give me a break mom i have something
important to do now
no excuses just go you keep this up
you'll never finish
i said i can't what's wrong
hey sophie perfect timing help me out
here huh
mom's telling me to go take orders wait
isn't that your job i know that but i
really can't go today
if only someone could help me out hint
hint
come on please sophie i'll make it up to
you
fine i guess i can't help it thanks i'll
send a little something to your atlears
thanks
see you later hey wait don't decide
things like this on your own
i'm sorry sophie i'll give you something
as thanks too so could you do it
i understand just leave it to me
so help oscar one all right well we will
do that in a sec
first i want to go ahead and go back in
here
let's talk to tess and see what horrible
disaster happened
[Music]
hello i am so sorry sophie
tess what's wrong this is my life's wish
sophie you need to help me
sure what did you do this time i
sprinkled the poison on the yard all the
weeds stopped growing
but the flowers stopped growing too oh
looks like my bad feeling was on the
mark
i didn't predict something like this it
would have been perfect if just the
weeds had died
at this rate my yard will be a barren
wasteland where not even a single blade
of grass can grow
and that's where you come in i want you
to make me some fertilizers so the
flowers will grow again
also it needs to work instantly and be
super effective
fertilizer i can make it but
is it really hard to make no it
shouldn't be too hard it's not
hard but if you use
fertilizer i'm sure the weeds will start
growing again too
[Music]
i'll be sure to pull out the weeds
myself
i see in that case i'll make it okay i'm
really sorry for asking i'm counting on
you yeah just leave it to me
[Music]
so ah
sophie thanks for coming take your time
okay
so yeah that'll work with that one
[Music]
oh this is thanks sophie i should be
able to grow flowers in my yard again
you'll grow weeds too i told you i'll
take care of that myself
still you've been helping me out a lot
lately he really saved me
no problem don't worry about it no i
can't let this go unrewarded sophie
just wait there for a minute huh why
just do it wait right there
[Music]
here you go this is my thanks
received forgotten part
this is yeah i bought it thinking it
could be useful for alchemy
is it no good no it's fine this will
really help
i see you can use that however you want
sophie it's yours
i'll ask you if i need anything again
[Music]
all right and what is that
okay
[Music]
and it is something that can be dropped
so
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
actually i should check on uh
on these things here
if i look this up
[Music]
[Applause]
this is
for moons and more and from the dragon
okay
[Music]
dragon scale i bet as far as we know
that's interesting twin header
let's drop it too sometimes
at the higher level
[Music]
or so it says
interesting that the twin headers drops
supposedly
drop dragon items
[Music]
[Applause]
hello mr horst welcome sophie
i'm hoping at the grocery store so i'm
here to take an order
you're helping at the grocery store were
you
having that much trouble huh it seems
your income from your outlet is worse
than i expected
is that why you're working at the
grocery store no that's wrong that's not
it at all
oh was i wrong yeah i'm just helping
because oscar asked me for a favor
i see i apologize for jumping to
collusion so quickly
but oscar is seriously pretty terrible
sometimes he just forced his work onto
me
you might say that but you're still
helping him that's one of your best
qualities sophie
well he's my friend after all anyway he
wanted an order for vegetables correct
okay i got it thank you
[Music]
now i wanted to turn in the request
hello mr horst welcome sophie you come
at the perfect time
for what but tell the truth
i'm creating a new drink but i don't
have the ingredients i need
i'm very sorry for the trouble but could
you hear the ingredients for me
i can do that thank you very much i'll
give you a list of the items i require
[Music]
okay welcome
thank you for coming sophie
let's go to
[Music]
might go find some of those
i can turn in this
[Music]
let's see
you've got eight vouchers all right
[Music]
i'll go ahead and grab that i'm sure
i'll be there at some point
we'll go ahead and turn that in now
thank you very much
i still need to check that out
[Music]
that's a bunch of stuff there
uh what the heck i'll grab that quest as
well welcome
now
[Music]
let's head back here
i've restocked the goods i was short on
buy whatever you want
what anything worth getting
hmm i'm not grabbing another one of
those
i don't think i really need anything
else
now the
let's see
[Music]
church and bookstore
fire dragon medicine
it looks like i can at least go to some
of these places before the
evening
pamela why hello there sophie what do
you need
i'm here to take an order an order
hmm there isn't really anything i need
synthesized right now
oh not for that i'm helping out at the
grocery store now
i see but why are you working for the
grocery store sophie
um well oh i know
you don't have any work at your alley or
so you picked up a second job
no that's wrong my antler is doing just
fine oh really
then why oscar asked me for a favor
you're such a good girl sophie you care
so much for your friends
just make sure you don't do too much
extra work and neglect your earlier
i know that more importantly could you
tell me your order
all right in that case
[Music]
i think that should do it all right i
got it i'll be going now
yes yes be sure to come to the next
prayer okay
boy they're really pushing me for that
aren't they let's see can i get to the
bookstore
elise welcome sophie what do you need
i'm here to take orders for vegetables
vegetables why are you taking orders
like that
oscar's always the one to come and ask
for orders
well oscar kind of forced this on me
oh dear no wonder miss marguerite is
always so mad at him
oscar always did things at his own pace
that pace of his is throwing off my pace
he left to go somewhere too sounds rough
anyway he wanted my order right is it
really okay to give it to you
yeah just leave it to me okay then i
want this
[Music]
thanks in advance yep
okay see
and it's night time by the time we get
there so let's just head back to the
outlier
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll do this after helping at the
grocery store wow i can't even craft
until all right
[Music]
[Applause]
there we go
[Music]
[Applause]
yes work great i took all the orders
thank you you really helped me
huh where's oscar he still hasn't come
home
once in a while he leaves to go
somewhere and doesn't come back for a
long time
sounds just like him but i wonder where
he went
i don't know it doesn't seem like he's
goofing off somewhere in town so he must
be going outside of town
that reminds me i saw him before when i
went to go gathering
really seriously that boy
anyway thank you this is my thanks for
your help
500 goal
[Music]
thank you very much i'll send oscar over
when he comes back so he can thank you
properly
all right let's head back to the atlear
yeah we needed to make
fire dragon medicine ah it's a dragon
bloodstone i only have one of those
[Music]
i want to get more dragon blood stones
before i do that
um just because i
i'm sure it's probably used in something
else
i can make crimson stones now
[Applause]
[Music]
let's
i see make that too
[Applause]
it's just kind of tempting to make that
make some better armor yeah see i need
the dragon bloodstone for that and i
need a bunch of star power
powder um
and spirit tiers don't
know where those are at all
[Music]
i might hold off on making the angel
ribbons
until i see what's needed
but let's see i bet
i could make oh you know what
well i'm thinking of it i better change
my equipment out
because
on effective versus many
[Music]
um i'll change out the refuel bottle for
the magician's flute
just because that does work and that
does heal everyone
[Music]
and you need to change out
well now we'll keep the single use one
but i wonder if i can make
[Music]
[Applause]
hot material pony jelly
with the um
this good yeah with the uh
trait that i needed for it or the effect
[Music]
okay let's start let's see so this is
going to go
i'll try putting it there
which cauldron should i use which means
i would actually want to
have something that
has a diagonal
do i have any that are blue
and have a diagonal
some that have a single that might be
good
but a diagonal might be better
but it doesn't look like
i'm gonna have much luck with that
so i think i'm just gonna go wait what
was
no that one's red
so i think i will need to
[Applause]
[Music]
use one of the ones that takes up a
single slot
i wonder can i no that filter can i
no sort size
yeah we'll do that one
is this good which culture okay
okay let's start so we'll start with
that
yeah and there
[Applause]
yeah good oh
there this is good
and then this one
[Music]
actually let's see if we put
this here
then i can do that
division which is what i needed
all right i'll finish it now
what traits to transfer is this okay
sure that's fine
okay it's finished
spirit weave cloth
boy that that fairy cauldron just makes
this actually easy
um
what else uh was it i needed
[Music]
[Applause]
supreme hot milk should i use
that is let's see if i sort this by size
[Applause]
[Music]
so blue green yellow or white i want
blue ideally so we'll do that
[Applause]
and that
okay so what we'll do next
[Music]
see these are generic so we'll do that
which cauldron is best
okay then let's start
hmm
which cauldron is back okay then let's
start
all right this is going well this
material goes here
and then there
and
[Music]
there
um
yeah this is good
[Music]
how did i get this up high enough oh
for this thing i really need to start by
category value
and i guess i'll have to use one of
these
which is red
what material should i use so we'll just
do that
now what do we have here that's red
do we have anything here that's red we
have yellow and orange and green
okay
[Music]
we'll do yellow then
[Applause]
is this really okay which cauldron is
bad
okay it's not perfect but
if i do it that way
[Music]
this material goes here
i think something good will happen
and there this is going well
[Music]
no
there right this is going well yeah
this is good and
i think something good will happen
[Music]
[Applause]
there we go okay all right i'll finish
it now
now what is this okay okay it finished
and that gets me plain waffle so i can
finally make one of these
except i need honey syrup i don't have
honey syrup
see i've cleared out all these right
how about here
yep hope recipes
i don't have those three but those are
probably event items
now here what do we have
countering a night thunderstorm of
prospector strand
pure water with secretive health
noble sapphire with ancient seal
see that's a trait trait
these are all traits left
you look at clocks don't go height
someone who speaks to the dead
goddess of creation that steals lots of
life
you could probably do that
[Music]
slaying dark mate positive release
small eyelet
code is a creation with steals lots of
life i bet i can do that
if we look at
the codex of creation
um
[Music]
maybe i have to go related yeah there we
go
no
[Music]
okay yeah it is the first one okay so i
need
two zettle pendle lock
thread and secret power okay
okay what should i make
so if i go to it is under attack right
go to creation i need settle okay what
should i make
what material should i use uh
we'll just throw something together here
um what do we have a bunch of where's
the generic water
[Music]
and we'll throw in one of these uh one
of these
is this which cauldron is best okay
then let's start
[Music]
yeah this is good
yeah this is going great
[Music]
this is great
all right this is going well
yeah this is actually gonna mess things
up a lot but that's okay i don't care
not for this item uh there
[Music]
all right i'll finish it now what's
great is this okay
okay okay that's that now
go to attack and curtis of creation
so i need to go for red
[Music]
no heel might be good
let's sort these by encyclopedia so all
the same items are together
doesn't seem to be a way to page down
really
so the feathers are red those are red
we use count plus one
and destruction up plus plus
or critical plus let's do that
how about here any of these red
no that's disappointing
[Music]
[Applause]
we'll do that though
and
[Music]
maybe that one it's really okay which
cauldron is best
okay so what we want to do
i'll just put that there
oh right there now we'll throw this one
over here
nothing good will happen now we need to
do
i think something good will happen is
try to make good spots for red yeah
this is good
actually let's see
[Music]
maybe here nothing good will happen
now how about
and i guess that's probably
i think that's probably about as good as
i'm gonna get
that one first there we go
and then that
[Music]
and we got steals lots of life which is
all i care about for this
okay what traits should i add
destruction up single bonus because that
only affects a single one
and let's see because destruction up
by seven percent
maybe inflict no heal
it's 20 30.
single bonus and effective versus one
that's increasing it a lot
um let's give i wonder if i should give
it a chance to crit
because i got no heal from the ori bomb
let's give it a chance to crit well
let's actually increase use count maybe
reduces power a little but
i think overall that's
[Music]
[Applause]
now we'll give it a chance to crit how's
this
[Applause]
yeah this is all done
gives me ceiling book i thought i
remember
seeing something for that i need a
pendle green for that
and i should increase my alchemy level
more but that's it for now
um hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play at least
sophie my name is karsten
so let's see we had made
another item did we equip
it
doesn't look like we did
that i don't think was even our best
yeah let's equip the codex of creation
we'll leave that as our standard
multi-attack one
[Music]
because that'll slow things down
we'll leave that as our heel definitely
need the
return to base thing that's very useful
[Applause]
[Music]
and we'll see what that does we may or
may not end up keeping it
[Music]
what kind of stuff should i make now do
we have anything else that we need to
try to make we need to get
honey syrup
[Music]
i can make spirit weave cloth
but i don't know that i need it for
anything
i should make another one of these and i
bet i can grow
good materials now
[Music]
it's green so we got green things there
green things there now let's see if we
sort this by
category value yeah we can do green
things
do we have more green water type items
mineral extract
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so let's do
those
[Music]
[Applause]
what do we have that's green here that
we can use
[Music]
[Applause]
um
it doesn't really matter too much
we use that and
we need three things here so let's see
[Applause]
do we have any
of these that
let's see if we go to
[Music]
filter
okay so we have a use count plus one
there
[Music]
we use that one
and actually
do we have any
not just to use oh we have multiply
that might be good no just on the
rainbow puny fluid
[Music]
um
yeah we only have use count plus one for
that
[Music]
i can't filter by color
which is a little annoying
[Music]
[Applause]
i don't think it really matters too much
what we pick here we'll just use that
one
now for this we need to get higher up
here
[Applause]
[Music]
use one of them
and
[Applause]
let's see
what's that do
[Music]
we'll do that one go well
wow which cauldron okay so what we want
to do
if we put one
there i'm just i'm not going to end up
with these here i'm just kind of
planning
and maybe
there
and then there right this looks great
so then we can put these like
going here
and there
[Music]
[Applause]
all right this looks great all right
this looks great is it here
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see it's going great
[Music]
i'll put this there
[Applause]
all right this looks great and
i guess the best one for this is
here
[Music]
well grow great materials that's what we
want yeah it's good what traits should i
transfer we want more use count
[Music]
i don't think anything else matters
i guess we can do that i don't think
anything else really matters
uh we can throw that on i don't think
that will actually recover anything but
we can throw it on there
[Music]
it is considered a medicine
we'll throw that on i mean worse that'll
happen is it doesn't do anything
all right it's done that didn't give us
a lot of xp
sophie are you here
oscar thanks for taking care of my work
the other day
here's my thanks and we got some
miscellaneous
uh well thank you so what did you have
to do anyway
i had to go outside of town i heard a
voice calling my name
when i followed the voice it turned out
to be a forest
wait you went alone no i went with the
plants from around here
you brought plants with you that's right
they were saying they wanted to go with
me i couldn't just ignore him
you seem to have no problem ignoring
miss marguerite
i'm sorry about that i'll do the work
myself next time
you better
oscar learned confidence
which does what exactly
reduces damage taken and increase hit
rate okay
now i bet
[Music]
no one but sophie is going to be able to
use that item i just made
of course what does that do anyway
uh np recover um
[Music]
yeah i may as well check everyone else
but i'm pretty sure
no one else is going to be able to use
it
[Music]
[Applause]
of course not so sophie what can we swap
out here
[Music]
i wonder if anyone else can use the
magician's flute i wonder if it says
here
oh it says there only sophie can use the
magician's flute
only sophie can use the codex of
[Music]
creation
could give the ice bomb
to plocta
instead of say alchemy drops
fact i think i'll do that so
we will
instead of the ice bomb we'll go ahead
and equip the wonder stimulant
[Music]
which by the way
yeah greatly increases the chance of
finding better materials which is
exactly what we want
for that now
instead of alchemy drops you get an ice
bomb
[Music]
now recipe ideas
[Applause]
check by the clock shop
[Music]
[Applause]
and investigating the hill in front of
the atlier
[Applause]
[Music]
blue sky altar ruins
small eyelets
[Applause]
let's check the front of the atlear and
then the clock shop
somewhere around here
there should be something to investigate
yeah i'm not worried about the materials
[Music]
trying to find where the investigation
point is
[Music]
oh is it right here no that's a barrel
sense of the town drifting on the wind
the wind blowing down the hills tells
the daily story of friction belle
[Music]
breezy aroma
clocks clocks clocks
[Music]
and we get
[Applause]
time control hourglass
i bet we need that to enter in the um
the what's it area um
that place that uh panelists told us
about
[Music]
let's go to the cafe
welcome sophie hello mr horst
thank you as always sophie huh what are
you talking about
for undertaking the request brought to
my shop oh
that's all you really have been helping
me a lot
it's no big deal no i'm quite impressed
by your hard work
i doubt things would go nearly as well
without you here you're irreplaceable
you don't need to compliment me that
much
you should be more confident in yourself
i expect great things from you in the
future
[Music]
sure i'll do my best
now i do need to keep an eye on
[Music]
the time and day it is currently
bud so we only have a couple
more days
before we need to go to the church which
request will you accept
[Music]
those i can take out um
oh i can give you my extra backpack
sure
[Music]
thank you very
oh and i need to make a plain waffle
welcome oh but i can't yet because i
don't have
there's another recipe i don't have
[Music]
so let's go back here
now if we go to the world map
[Music]
where are we going next and we look at
our recipe ideas there was
we got that uncle height not sure about
that
or light elemental
small eyelet
[Applause]
question is where was that
that's over there
now how fast can i get there
huh what
that was good
[Music]
now we are currently
bud evening okay yeah we got time
i bet it's where this thing is
[Music]
i just noticed as i fought them
the thing that came up but that's okay
let's see okay that is multi-attack
[Music]
we'll just do rain shot oh we don't even
need to do that
we'll do that to see what it does
[Music]
attacking and these might die
one of them will die
i'll use this
[Music]
that was interesting
okay so now i know what that does
spirit tears can be synthesized did i
yeah i needed that for something didn't
i
um
now let's go here
[Music]
positive release is that something i
have or what
[Music]
blue sky altar
hmm
let's use this
grab a couple things while we're here
[Music]
inferior creatures let's end this
yeah these are just trivial nothing here
hardly put up a fight
now let's see it's not the weekend yet
let's just peek in here grab a couple
more things from here because i've
been in here that much
[Music]
those are items i can put to use
here sneak past you
[Music]
[Applause]
just kind of keeping an eye on the time
we still got plenty of time
[Music]
all right let's though
we'll head back to the atlear
breezy aroma spirit tears
time control hourglass so we definitely
want to make those
especially
[Music]
[Applause]
honey syrup i still need honey syrup
um
[Applause]
i wonder gathering gloves
i bet i can make better gathering gloves
[Applause]
i should do that while i'm thinking of
it what material should i use
[Music]
so if we sort these by category value
yellow is probably going to be my best
[Music]
bet
i'll do that
[Music]
i should have yellow here yeah
actually we can just go really cheap
here uh
let's see what do we have that's yellow
and really cheap
as far as stat things go
yeah we'll do that one
let's serve by quality i guess um
[Applause]
[Music]
quality doesn't really matter for these
anyway uh let's do
really okay yeah we'll do that
which cauldron is best okay then let's
start
so the liquid is blue but that shouldn't
matter here
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah this is going great
and
there will happen
yeah this is going great
[Applause]
and there is this really okay
[Music]
[Applause]
okay that is
not okay let's see
[Music]
what can we do here
yeah this is good
[Music]
yeah this is good hmm
all right this is going well no it's
not
which cauldron is bad let's see
[Music]
i wonder if
i sort by size here
yeah that one yeah i don't think i can
get
up too high well
[Music]
hmm is this really okay
which cauldron is bad okay then let's
start
[Music]
let's see if i do
[Applause]
now let's see
[Music]
trying to think of where we can
place these to maximize yeah this is
going great
everything um all right
this is going well
all right this is going well let's see
will that
how much will that do now it won't even
get to the next step
so guess i won't be making one of the
better gathering gloves so what i do
need to make though
spirit tears i need to make pure water
it's easy enough
[Music]
um
let's see
oh this is just water i can use well
water for this
um
[Music]
we'll do that which cauldron is best
okay then
let's start this should go here
yeah this is good yeah this is going
great
this is great
[Music]
is this really okay
[Applause]
[Music]
is this really all right that's fine
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
alchemy level 40 getting up there what
material should i use
[Music]
[Applause]
i don't know that it matters too much
what we do with
this we use maybe
that and sure what out
these of course are all the same because
i just made them
[Music]
got a bunch of these a bunch of these
i'll just pick one of these which
cauldron is bad okay then
let's start yeah this is going great
[Music]
all right this is going well
i think something good will happen
this is great
[Music]
is this really okay yeah
okay and it is now the weekend i think
[Music]
and we'll do
stable effect and
[Music]
[Applause]
we'll do
[Music]
[Applause]
attack boost sure how's this
yeah this is all done
now with spirit tears made
what is it that we needed to do next
[Music]
[Applause]
because i needed those for something
i thought
i needed it for the sun drop i can make
the sun drop now
that takes 72 hours though
and it's the weekend so i don't want to
do that yet
[Music]
so we will sleep until morning
sophie ah good morning monica what's
wrong
tomorrow is prayer day i came to check
up on you just in case
oh was that oh just now did you forget
no way i didn't of course i remember i
see
then that's good remember to come to
church tomorrow okay
okay
oh good thing i didn't start the uh the
three-day craft because that would have
thrown us
right past it
[Music]
what can i make that won't take three
days
[Music]
that takes nine hours
let's make it so that we've made it
[Applause]
[Music]
is this good which cauldron okay
let's start how about this
oh this this is good yeah
this looks good oh
this this is good
this is good
[Applause]
[Music]
is this good yeah that's fine all right
i'll finish it now
what trait is this okay okay it's
finished
so we've made one of those
[Music]
and what else can we make need
honey syrup do we know anything about
honey syrup
no
okay what should i make
i can make one of these what material
should i use
oh actually sort this by category value
now these are all going to be yellow
those will be yellow yellow
not as many yellow options here
[Applause]
[Music]
little cloth and
fool and
gold thread
[Music]
[Applause]
few and mini bonus
that's interesting
i need more golden pony balls though or
something else that's yellow in this
[Music]
category
hmm i guess i can just go with
small things
um
let's see we'll do that one
and that which cauldron is back
okay then let's start
this material goes here and
[Music]
yeah this is going great now
as far as this
[Music]
we'll put this one here
[Applause]
maybe here
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
if i put that there
and then this one can go
let's see if i put that there is this
really okay
it's 47. now if i put it here
it actually gets 47.
if i put this here
and then this one say there
is this really okay no that gets us a
lot less
that i don't think will help is this
really okay
well it doesn't really matter because i
don't think we can get any higher than
we're so close on that consume mpm but i
don't think that's that big a deal
grand spirit's blessing and evasion up
large is good
okay it's time to finish guys and what
traits should i add
so let's see
i wish i could see
[Applause]
[Music]
grand spirits blessing how many it
[Applause]
affected
we'll do pro perfection quality up
and stable effect i guess
[Music]
[Applause]
instead of that let's go ahead and do
trait enhance
because i think those are pretty good
traits
yeah this is all done got a level out of
it
to see what that does
[Music]
grants all allies fire ice and lightning
resistance
okay that's good
for right now we'll end it
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is carsten
so we have a few more hours
before we need to be up what kind of
stuff should i make to go with
monica let's see
what can we make
in a few more hours
that'll take 24 hours so that won't be
good we need star powder
i don't know where to get star powder at
all
hmm
[Music]
mike could make another one of those
[Applause]
so let's sort by category value
[Music]
uh let's see do we have anything here
that's
white because i really want to try to
push for
best effect now okay how about here
now this is all yellow stuff and this is
all yellow stuff
all right um
i'll do that one and
that one
will this go well no yeah let's see
okay i'll try it
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm
oh this reaction is interesting